Feature/add zoom slider to zoom plugin (#138)
Dataport/polar: packages/plugins/Zoom/README.md

|------------|------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| renderType | 'iconMenu' \| 'independent'? | Whether the zoom related buttons are being rendered independently or as part of the IconMenu. Defaults to `'independent'`. |
| showMobile | boolean?                     | Whether the zoom related buttons should be displayed on smaller devices; defaults to `false`.   |

> | showZoomSlider | boolean?                     | Whether a zoom slider should be displayed; defaults to false.   |

Author: I changed my mind about the rendering of the zoom slider depending on the rendering of zoom buttons and adjusted the code. Might be that some prefer the zoom slider and don't want the buttons? So I did not add the additional information here.

> | showZoomSlider | boolean? | Whether a zoom slider should be displayed under the zoom buttons. Won't be rendered on mobiles; defaults to `false`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| showZoomSlider | boolean? | Whether a zoom slider should be displayed under the zoom buttons. Won't be rendered on smaller devices; defaults to `false`.|
```
